water is the source of all life without
water there can be no life
as the leaders of our homeland than
keepers oven speakers for Mother Earth
the original peoples are making a call
to people all over the world to come
together urgently to act now out of
concern for water one of the four
elements of life water is the passage to
life today fresh water is being depleted
many times faster than nature can
replenish it
we have disrupted the natural balance we
have contaminated the blood of Mother
Earth and made herself sick by polluting
and misusing the element of water as the
original frame the dependent peoples of
this land we have the distinction of
being the roots of our homeland Turtle
Island North America a defining moment
as a ride for us to humbly step forward
and to take our rightful place of
leadership it is not a political
leadership but a leadership of example
the sharing of a knowledge that shines a
light on the power of spirit we are
inviting all to a to day water ceremony
June 4th and 5th 2015 taking place at
our sacred turtle lodge we will share
the knowledge that can help us
understand the sacred element of water
the turtle Lodge is situated in the
geographic center of America also close
to one of our most sacred sites Manitou
up eight left by our ancestors we are at
the mouth of one of the biggest and most
endangered inland lakes Lake Winnipeg
the bull of where four rivers from
across the continent meet and empty in
our leadership we will invite the spirit
the guardians will safeguard the element
of water spiritually the Thunderbirds
have always acted as the guardians of
all water
together we will perform the biggest
water offering ever into Lake Winnipeg
the women will step forward being
recognized as the caretakers of water
all life depends on water
most of our being is water and we all
come from women as the original people
we call on you to join us as we
encourage and hopefully inspire all of
us to put our children at the center to
tell them the truth about the sacredness
of the water and our collective
responsibility of taking care of it